a bit of a fewa good manya kind of a littlea lot of a number of a pair ofa piece of according to add up to after classagain and againagree to do sth.agree with sb.all kinds of all overall rightall the bestarrive at /in a placeas a resultas…….asas soon asask forat firstat lastat leastat onceat the same timeas usualas wellbe angry withbe fond ofbe good at be interested inbe late forbe made of /frombe proud of be strict withbe /get used to sth./doing sth.because of  both ...and…break in break out  bring upby air (bus , train , ship)by mistakeby the waycall upcare forcarry on carry outcatch up withchange intocheck incheck out cheer upcome acrosscome backcome down come fromcome on come to come up with connect to connect withcut downday and night deal withdo one's bestdepend on (upon)die out different fromdivide …into…do some cleaning (shopping)drop in each othereither …orenjoy oneselfenjoy doingfall behindfall down fall intoface to facefall asleepfall illfar awayfar fromfill…withfill in find out first of allfor ever for example from now onfrom then onfrom… to…from time to timeget away get backget close toget downget offget on get on with sb.get out ofbe ready forget togetherget upgive awaygive backgive outgive upgo away go bygo fishinggo for a walkgo in forgo on go on doing withgo out go overgo throughgrow uphad better dohave a coldhang on hang uphave a good timehave classeshand inhear ofhear fromhelp oneself to help sb. With sth.hold on hundreds of hurry upin a hurryin allin a word in dangerin fact in front ofin need of in orderin order thatin order toin other wordsin publicin surprisein the endin the futurein time instead of join injust nowkeep doing sth.keep in touch withkeep offkeep onkeep one's wordkeep upknock atknock into sb.laugh at lead tolet inlearn…from…lend … to…live onlook overlook afterlook aroundlook down uponlook forlook forward tolook intolook outlook throughlook uplots of make a facemake friends with make suremake upmake up ofmake up one's mindmillions of more or lessneither… nor…next tono longernot any morenot at allnot only … but alsonot so…asnot till/ untilnow and thenof course on dutyon footon showon timeon /over the radioonce againonce moreonce upon a timeone after anotherout of breathout of orderout of workover and over againpass bypay attention to pay backpay forpay offpick out pick uppoint outpoint toprevent…fromput awayput downput offput onput on a performanceput on weightput output upplace of interestplenty of prefer…to…provide… with…regard… as…ring back ring offring upright awayright nowrun awayrun out ofsave one's lifeso as tosee sb. offsell outsend forsend outseparate…from…set downset offset out set up settle downside by sideso… that…speed upspend onstay upstop doing sth. stop to do sth. such astake care of take part intalk with/tothank for to one's surprisetry one's besttake awaytake it easytake offtake one's timetake outtake placetake sb. in the armstake the place of talk abouttalk of the day after tomorrowthe day before yesterdaythe more… the more…the other day think about think of think overthousands of throw awaytoo… to…try on try out turn down turn offturn on turn upup and downused to  sth.used to do sth. work on wait for wake upwork out worry aboutwrite downwrite to 